I learned a lot about Git commiting and pushing and pulling.  There's two different enviroments to work in, the developer enviromnment in vscode, and then the one in Github.  And I can upload changes that I make to Github in order to share them with others.  Still don't know if I am doing everything right though.

What I learned about web servers is that I am out of the loop.  I remember in class Dr. Ventura showed us some way to change the IP address to change to where ever you are.  I could not figure this out at home.  But the website still opened up.  So not sure what to think about that.

Talked to the TA.  Learned about the web servers and how to change the IP adress.  You go to security groups.  And then to the launch wizard.  This is where you then click on the link.  Then change the ip adress to whatever you want.  I also learned how to properly ssh into my server and the purpose of that.  It's because ssh'ing actually allows you to access the server in Virginia and upload files or put domains there or whatever.  I also learned how to properly use Git.  This is by going in the terminal and using the command Git pull to check if anything is different.  Then using Git add to stage a change.  Then using Git commit to finalize it with a -m and then the message in quotations.  This is what allows it to actually be sent to GitHub.  Correction, and then using Git push to finally send it to Github.*

I bought the domain name a few days ago.  Today I actually connected the name to my server.  Now if I type in the domain name it goes directly to the website, which is pretty cool.

Learned how to change the Caddy file to secure the website.  Was reading the github thing.  I think it's cool that the secure thing is free now, when it cost 100 dollars per certificate back in the day.